Instructions on how to run the application.

Step:1
Download the Application source code from below GitHub Repository

Step:2
1. Use any of the development studio to run the android application like Android Studio.
2. Before running the application make sure to Sync the project and then clean it once.
3. Rebuilt the completed project to be assure that all dependencies downloaded correctly.
4. Connect the real device or download the emulator int development tool and then run the application
5. Enter city name to fetch the weather details
Ex: Hyderabad, Mumbai ect make sure thr first character should be Capital letter

Step:3
1. Also included one junit test for ViewModel which can verify methods, and can run directly without any emulator or real device.
2. Added Room Database operations Instrument unit test case. which require emulator or real device to verify the test results.

A brief explanation of your architecture and design choices.

1. I have used MVVM Architect to develop the Test Weather Application

Explain : We use mainly MVVM architecture to separate the code on each like Model, Viewmodel and View
(i.e) removing decoupling between them. Which makes our code base extensible, flexible, scalability and easily maintainable even we increase the functionality day by day.

2. Created internal memory in device using Room database which is a persistence library provided by Google as part of the Android Jetpack component.
 It offers an abstraction layer over SQLite to enable easier database access and management within Android applications
 Used For : Fetched weather reposts will be saved in internal memory and later can search by city name, even no internet connection.

3. Used other jetpack components like Navigation UI for handling the navigation.

4. Data binding to bind the UI data from the model in layout it self which make code more cleaner.
 It also helps to keep your UI components up to date with your data without the need for manual interaction between the UI and the underlying code

5. Coroutines to handle the background task to execute asynchronously. which we boost the performance of the application.


API key setup instructions

No any specific steps required to setup the Weather Api key its already saved in application. Below is the reface Open weather Api key.
API_KEY = "b92994729905f4e84e2804fa19241534"